SelectBox: update Configure Search Parameters article (#5958)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/SelectBox/10 Configure Search Parameters.md

> [note] Searching works when inputting a plain data structure only. However, if you need the searching capability and hierarchical data, use the **DataSource**'s [group](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/DataSource/1%20Configuration/group.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#group') property to transform the plain data. To learn more about grouping, refer to the following article: [Grouping in the Data Source](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/SelectBox/Grouping/In_the_Data_Source/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] Searching works when inputting a plain data structure only. However, if you need the searching capability and hierarchical data, use the **DataSource**'s [group](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/DataSource/1%20Configuration/group.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#group') property to transform the plain data. For more information about grouping, refer to the following article: [Grouping in the Data Source](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/SelectBox/Grouping/In_the_Data_Source/).
```
